name something that has white balls
ping-pong ping-pong what answer cause
I've been married to this soldier for 21
years it's been absolutely fabulous
Steve hi Michelle let's go name
something that has white balls I would
say ball i kim name something that has
white balls cotton
hi big fella name something that has
white balls i'ma say polo ready you got
two strikes you got to be careful Finch
family can steal name something that has
white balls
foosball name something that has white
balls volleyball I don't know
volleyball
number seven six
that's the worst we've ever slipped over
there I was thinking it but I was hoping
he walked out there five three all right
guys let's go we double the point values
here top 7 answers on the board
when you were a kid name something you
used as a partner to practice kissing
yeah sister
she's never gonna forgive me for this
either Lindsay you not where's your
sister riding aren't you probably hiding
somewhere she in the boudoir or hunting
for a weapon they got a new device now
it's called YouTube
you gotta be a major star
well you got seven other people gonna be
in the same want a pillow
oh yeah hanging in
Heidi when you were a kid name something
you use as a partner for practicing can
use your hand oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
I was so somewhere else use your hand
Kenzi let's go when you were a kid name
something you used as a partner to
practice kissing let me say a stuffed
animal I don't know any of this the
pillow really threw me off and it was
number one so hey taffy let's go I'm
gonna go with another neighbor kid one
oh good boy
Ramzi let's go only one strike when you
were a kid named something used as a
partner to practice kissing a doll Watty
it all started with you and the pillow
sounds little strange but how about the
mirror what are y'all pregnant y'all
just already tried everything been all
in the mirror on that with the little
girl down they go
which I'm working on today we do in
pregnancy today you only got one strike
but you only got one answer left when
you were a kid name something you used
as a partner to practice kissing we're
gonna say a sucker
this explains it you know this explains
it don't y'all got all answered that's
on the board I want a sucker two strikes
the kids got to be careful pip and
family can steal
yeah come on say it
you got a pillow you got this bro baby
down meet you in the mirror you using
your ears and that's top animal this way
no y'all put all that mess down
I'm gonna call baby let's do it
name an occupation in which you'd find a
lot of neurotic people
Sanji striptease dancer striptease
dancing yes
okay striptease dancers
Jennifer points I'm a porn star what's
happening here a porno star
a porn star is an actor
you ever seen a porno flick before it's
the worst acting people on the planet
they're not congratulations
they're gonna blast it thank you
you started it talking about the
strippers go over there and play name
something a man might have in his pants
when he's going on a hot date condom
condom this okay it's a heartbreak
Ramzi tell me something a man might have
in his pants when he's going on a hot
date money got a habit I'm not walking
so we better have some keys but have
some
Heidi only one strike darling tell me
something a man might have in his pants
when he's going on the hot breath mints
kids he darling um this may be
inappropriate but it may be he's excited
to go on his date
I have to be more specific don't ya cuz
last ain't no putting no excitement in
my past
go ahead Mackenzie boner
you can say that you say that you said
it and then you said you have to make
you say it again I didn't make you sad
in the first place let's get this clear
let's get this clear this was Little
Miss fast these are too showy gonna make
it for you
richard Dawson did this show I never
heard stuff like that any of this now
2011 2012 y'all just say what you wanna
say now I got a turnaround I've got to
find a Christian wing to say what you
just let's just say someone is saluting
the truth
let me tell y'all something look at the
last when they just went off a pitch 10
don't say that when you come out ready
break all right Kathy Wow
maybe something a man might have in his
pants when he's going on a hot date I'm
gonna say some Cologne
Ramsey you got to be careful dolly you
got two strikes walkers have a chance to
steal chapstick
you don't have to come up with it here's
your chance name something a man might
have in his past when he's going on a
hot date we're gonna go with the hotel
room key
number six
number four is poor her on the board we
asked 100 married men which of the Seven
Dwarfs describes your wife in bed
Terry this is just to get up on the
boards bashful bashful to answers
confidence
and you controlled it clean they're
gonna play it
there's a guy over there that this meant
nothing to him tell me a word a married
man would use to fill in the blank
I would blank for sex hey Mary about
Mary so completely truth
Bethany cook clean I would lie for sex
yes that's a guy answer you got it
you don't know how deep this runs with
us you wouldn't lie yes lie I've never
done this but beg yes
question they don't even know two
strikes no chance you can blow this
James I'm gonna kick it up a notch and
say kill
yes boules family get ready to steal
now this isn't me I would cry for sex
they did you let the two women down
there influenced your aunt yes you did
why would you do that this is a guy some
big dude laying on her crying number
four will buy it will kill you about it
will beg you for it will lie about it
and at the end of the day will lay down
our life for it something - burglar
would not want to see when he breaks
into a house
Nucky grandma
I know you're right okay you might wants
to see a naked grandma what are the
chances looking for a Nikki grand mama
in the house outside in the woods on the
blanket
that's the occupant person listed
alright guys here we go we got the top 6
answers on the board
name something that gets passed around
Chris a joint a joy
leave yeah now Chris I don't know 100
people you thought we were talking to it
some nice little mall across good old
America but I'm pretty sure that people
didn't tell the survey people hey an
illegal drug let's turn around and see
how many weed hands are out there with
Chris joint
this is when you know we're going to
hail
okay Tracy only Frances topic so the
collection plate church
now she's got the hailer
I like the way I like the way you trying
to stop us we're going to heal you
mister you evil boy passing pass it
around the little thing with this funny
smell looking for some saving here it's
it's messy than the joint this is not
good
I'm just gonna do you just go over it
they're gonna play this if you have a
big enough casket
name something you really can't take
with you chuck money money
sharee app it your day so you're gonna
just kill your pet plus you didn't make
it oh my goodness
all this let's hope Peters not watching
this episode here your dog
I'm just not understanding these hundred
people maybe the preface already did
maybe the pet was already doing and you
stuffed him
hey darling - there we go top five
answers on the boy everybody name
something you might see a squirrel at
the park doing nice eating nuts show me
nuts
okay here's the whole question name
something you might see a squirrel at
the park doing with his nuts
the family show let me see storing them
boring
in the past they're gonna pass a lady
it's a tough one ladies that is tough
yeah it is it is gonna be tougher for me
to say this five count
something might see a squirrel at the
park doing with his nuts play
thank me have faith in me I'm doing that
Kristen finding them
two strikes that is not their velvet the
wrestlers are going to get a chance to
steal taking onto its tree the tree
two strikes defending his nuts
we go name something you might see a
squirrel at the park doing with his nuts
crack them open
let's see number five
you ready I'm ready 20 seconds on the
clock please
here we go during an average workday how
many times do you go to the bathroom for
name something you might throw out when
you get married date book name a kid
cereal with lots of sugar in it Lucky
Charms name a color you hope your
neighbors never paint their house bright
pink tell me a part of the body that
begins with the letter T kitties
favorite part without hesitation
ready 20 seconds on the clock please
at what age does a person struggle to
stay up to midnight on New Year's Eve 14
name something that cowboy might get off
his horse to do use the bathroom
name something that tastes good with a
bowl of chili cheese fill in the blank
dancing in the what noon name something
that God might brag about to impress a
date I may ask you that I took too long
name something a guy might brag about to
impress a date his wealth
at what age does a person struggle to
stay up to midnight on New Year's Eve
you say service name something with
cowboy might get off his horse to do you
said use the bathroom
survey said name something to taste good
with a bowl of chili
you said cheese I'll be good survey said
fill in the blank dancing into what you
said
dancing in the new survey said name
something that God might brag about to
impress a date
you said here's wealth survey said
I met rod your older brother yes sir
yeah he didn't do that bad man he really
didn't he got an 80 that's my brother
you get 120 man y'all gonna win $20,000
you ready sir all right let's remind
everybody of robbers answers 25 seconds
on the clock please come on speed let's
do at what age does a person struggle to
stay up to midnight on New Year's Eve 49
name something a cowboy might get off
his horse to do use the bathroom again
shoot a robber now him something that
tastes good with a bowl of chili
crackers filling in the blank dancing in
the rain name something that got might
brag about to impress a date body part
I here go and what age does a person
struggle to stay up to midnight on New
Year's Eve after much consideration you
said 40 40 40 was the number one answer
name something cowboy I might get off
his horse to do you say it
shooter Robert survey said
go to the saloon get a drink was the
number one answer
name something that tastes good with a
bowl of chili come on man let's go you
said cracker survey said crackers
was the number one answer fill in the
blank dancing into what you said dancing
in the rain
here we go survey said doc doc was the
number one answer
name something got my brag about to
impress a date you say it
his body part survey said
hey Lucy next
David jr. Michelle dear pretty good man
yeah she got 130 367 hi mister mind
everybody Michelle's answers 25 seconds
on the clock please
here we go name a part of a man's body
that have had were ripped from it it
might cause him to cry its penis I'll
just kill
all right here we go on a scale of one
to ten how much do you worry about the
future seven name a state in the United
States that everyone wants to go to
Florida try again California name a
famous Woody Becker try again Pass
even after the divorce name something
couples fight about money name a famous
Woody Hayes
chess chess was the number-one answer
we need 39 points on a scale of 1 to 10
how much do you worry about the future
you said 7 survey said
10 10 was the number one answer 27
points away nameless state new United
States everybody want to go to you said
California that's the home I Hollywood
survey said number one answer
Hawaii Hawaii five points away name a
famous woody you said Woody Hayes survey
said
Woody Allen was the number one answer we
need five points even after divorce name
something couples fight about you said
money a survey said
we got a 30-minute show
ten minute walk out here
she is out here so we can play
she ran last time I Kevin got 65 almost
the same thing last time you need 135
okay here we go ready yes
all right let's remind everybody of
Kevin's answers 25 seconds on the clock
please
we asked 100 single men name an
occupation your girlfriend would have
that might impress your dad teacher name
the age of child as hard as to control
13 name a sport with lots of bald guys
golf name a creature that's so little
you can't see his face
ant name a place you shouldn't be taking
a nap work
well let's see darling we need 135 we
need a bit when we asked 100 single man
name and occupation your girlfriend
would have the might impress your dad he
said a teacher survey said
doctor doctor was number one name to age
a child as hard as to control you said
13 Wow
survey said to three ones and number one
else we need a bunch name a sport with a
lot of ball guys you said golf survey
said basketball basketball was number
one we got to get some good ones name a
creature that's so little you can't see
his face you said an ant
survey said Wow was the number one
answer
we need 58 points name a place you
shouldn't be taking a nap you said work
the survey said
number one night
Cecily good to see you
your sister Tanya she put up 23 points
hands on your hip three widow that's the
bad news here's the good news you need a
hundred and seventy seven point you need
just about everything there is to get
but guess what you can make it happen
I'm gonna ask you the same 5 questions
you cannot duplicate the answers if you
do you're gonna hear this sound you will
not hear that sound this round right
here don't even worry about that trust
me you won't hear that's night we could
have just slid right through there cause
if you hear that sound right there I'm
diving in the crowd are you ready all
right let's remind everyone of Tanya's
answers you're 25 seconds on the clock
please
your clock will start after I read the
first question we asked 100 men name a
part of your body that's bigger than it
was when you were 16 your penis
not so good
the medical don't kill what you said
just said Bingley week any damn thing
get ain't gonna sound right the medical
term is almost worse a slang term would
at least make your ding-a-ling something
the penis keeping bad answer
name a word that starts with para para
legal name a kind of knife a steak knife
name something you'd see on a football
field during a game the goalie name a
food that often gets judged at a State
Fair pie
yeah look at her answers you think you
think that's shocking where do you see
this first one we asked 100 men to name
a part of your body that's bigger than
it was then when you were 16 you calmly
said that survey says number one answer
if your stomach is that big you can't
see it anyway then I said name a word
that starts with para you said
paralegal survey said the number one
answer was paragraph then I said name a
kind of knife you said steak knife
survey said number one answer was butter
butter knife I said name something you
see on a football field during a game
you said the goalie I let the goal
after number one and there's a bit of
what you said looking for the goalie
survey says number one answer football
players
then I said name a food that often gets
judged at a State Fair you said hi hi
what's the number one answer all we need
a hundred and fifty six people yes we
can